Update docs for 2.0 (#352)
sunpy/ndcube: docs/getting_help.rst

Live Chat
---------

> SunPy has a `element.io channel`_ which will open directly in your browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SunPy has a `matrix channel`_ which will open directly in your browser.
```

Stop by and say hello.
Talk with the SunPy and ndcube users and developers and get started.

.. _`general mailing list`: https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/sunpy
.. _`developer mailing list`: https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/sunpy-dev

> .. _`element.io channel`: https://openastronomy.element.io/#/room/#sunpy:openastronomy.org

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _`matrix channel`: https://openastronomy.element.io/#/room/#sunpy:openastronomy.org
```
